token                lexeme    
-------------------------------
keyword              function
identifier           xyz
separator            (
identifier           int
identifier           x
separator            ,
identifier           int
identifier           y
separator            ,
identifier           int
identifier           width
separator            ,
identifier           int
identifier           height
separator            )
separator            {
keyword              while
separator            (
identifier           fahr
operator             <=
identifier           upper
separator            )
separator            {
identifier           a
operator             =
real                 23.00
separator            ;
identifier           b
operator             =
integer              9
separator            ;
separator            }
keyword              return
keyword              true
separator            ;
separator            }
